That's right, seven.
I recently asked you to help me stare at Shen Shen Yeon.
How's he doing?
Shen Shu Yeon recently took a photo with the company s president Dang Duyet very cheaply.
My brother.
I don't remember the original season.
Isn't my brother the back-up wheel of Clerk Yuan?
Implement change and current awareness
My brother is now in the palm of his hand.
Okay, where's Shen-yeon now?
Shen Shu-yeon is at Dick's tonight.
Play all the ways to propose
Server, this is a good opportunity.
Little That
Are you smarter?
Hi.
I recently had a new boyfriend.
I want to take him to dinner with you.
How do you feel?
Then I'll send you the restaurant address later.
Little That
Send a message often alienate all spare tires
We've got to find some more actors for tonight's play.
Good vice president.
You were very late yesterday, weren't you?
Almost.
I'm used to it.
Grandfather, marry me.
Marry him.
Marrying Grandfather 2
I know you're ambitious.
Fear of love and marriage will bind you, but please believe me.
I will always protect and love you.
Support you Yeon Nhi
Marry me?